Hey Mijo, it's me again
I've been tryin' to call you already
Five, six times
You're not picking up your phone and I'm worried
Ya son las tres en la mañana babe, ¿Donde estás?

I know I always bring this up but now it's time we talk
Mijo, please take a little minute sit back and relax
Listen to my words, I ain't tryin' to be your mom
Te quiero mucho, por favor and I deserve to know what's up

All those late night calls, when you gotta bounce
Your homies coming first, what's that all about?

I fell in love with a gangster yeah, that's right
But I don't think you realize how I hurt inside
Always worrying, mi pelon, if you're coming home
That's why I call you so much when you leave me alone
I don't wanna bug and this I promise you
But in this situtation, it's so hard to trust you

I care about you so much lovin' you like crazy
All I really want is to have your little baby
Tell me that you love me, you will never leave me
Soy la reina de tu vida and you're happy to be with me

Daddy let me know that I'm your only girl
The only man that I need in this gangster world is you!
And I wouldn't trade it

So why you think I would lie?
Won't you tell me girl?
The only one that I need in my gangster world is you!
And I wouldn't trade it

You see, I know it's been a struggle I can see in your eyes
Tear drops, they fall, get me every time
Baby girl don't cry
Understand that I try
The only hope that I hold in my gangster life

I hold you dear to my heart though I'm out in the night
Trying to make a little money then come home to a fight
A little fuss can't trust that it's never enough
Woman, embraced by your touch in this thing called love

Although I leave, prestige with your hand on my heat
I got a jar full of boulders so we all could eat
Comprehend that I spend most my time in the street
And all these other wicked women don't matter to me

It's not like I'm just tryin' to get up and leave
I work hard every minute in the face of defeat
I stomp my feet with pride
Knowing that you're by my side
What you think, I was just let you walk on by?

Daddy let me know that I'm your only girl
The only man that I need in this gangster world is you!
And I wouldn't trade it

So why you think I would lie?
Won't you tell me girl?
The only one that I need in my gangster world is you
And I wouldn't trade it

I understand what your telling me but it's so hard
Always fuss and we fight tell we back at the start
Te amo, te quiero mi crazy vato gangero
Se lo que yo tengo contigo pero te tengo

I know you mean well when you hold me tight
The only one who can handle me right during a fight
And I cherish all the times that I spend with you
Hold your pictures in my hand when I pray for you

If this is gangster love then I'm down for whatever
Lay me down on the cama and enjoy that were together
Turn on the candles, hickies on my cuello
Mi firme verterano, mi firme pandillero

Always down to ride with you like Bonnie and Clyde
With you, I'll always stand with you forever be true
Keep you on my mente
Siempre mi vida
I'm a gangster's wife, to an anybody killa'

Daddy let me know that I'm your only girl
The only man that I need in this gangster world is you!
And I wouldn't trade it

So why you think I would lie?
Won't you tell me girl?
The only one that I need in my gangster world is you!
And I wouldn't trade it